assignment pending : tailwind css

ES 6
    js
      
ecma script

ES6 (2015): Also known as ES2015, this is one of the most significant updates to JavaScript, introducing new syntax and features like:

Arrow functions: Shorter function syntax.

Let and Const: New ways of declaring variables with block scope.

Classes: Class-based object-oriented programming (OOP) syntax.

Template literals: String interpolation and multi-line strings.

Destructuring: Easier extraction of data from arrays/objects.

Promises: For handling asynchronous operations.

Modules: import/export for splitting code into reusable modules.

Default parameters, Rest parameters, and Spread syntax.

arrow function - under es6

Arrow function :

*Its from es 6 for efficiency in terms of space and to increase the readability , we can create a functions
 without name and it is called as arrow function.

*document.getElementById("response").innerHTML = howareyou();

jsobject  method        property             = namefunc()
          html element

*Design a simple calc by getting 2 numbers as input and display addition , subtraction , product , quotient , reminder
 by creating individual functions for the same .

 ARRAYS :
 single variable , multiple values.

 *Create an array by taking array size , an array elements from the user . Extract all the perfect numbers and even prime numbers 
 from the array.


 OOPS :
 
 *Object oriented programming structure

 Eg : Class - Bird
      Object - sparrow , peacock , penguin , parrot , eagle , owl , crow , dove , falcon , vulture , kite , etc.
      Properties - Colour , legs , wings , wight , etc.
      Behaviours(methods) - fly , eat , sleep , etc.


JS Objects : 
  *Objects are collections of key-value pairs.
  *Objects are mutable, meaning they can be changed after creation.
  *Objects are created using the {} syntax or the Object constructor.
  *Objects can contain other objects, arrays, and functions as values.
  *Objects can be used to represent real-world objects, such as a person or a car.
  *Objects can be used to store and manipulate data in a program.

  Js object in-built methods :

  1. Keys ( extracts the keys)

  2. Values ( extracts the values )

  3. Entries ( extracts both keys and values )


  JS PROMISE :

  * Promise is a js object .
  * There are 2 states for a promise . They are :
                1 . Resolved (success)
                2 . Rejected (failure)
  
  * A promise is created using the Promise constructor .

  