Write a promise called Andhra-bp . Distance : Andhra - A (5000) , Andhra - B (2000) , Andhra - C (1000)
  Expected output : C reached , B reached , A reached

Promise in-built methods :
  
  * When there is more than one promise , in-order to review them , we can use promise in-built methods according to the requirement.

   Methods :

     1 . Promise.all
     2 . Promise.any
     3 . Promise.allSettle
     4 . Promise.race

        1. Promise.all 
            *Once it sees a promise false , it will stop.
        
        2 . Primse.any
            * Gives the shortest time promise , provided , the status should be true.

        3 . Promise.allSettled
            * Will display one among these 3 states :
                                                       1 fulfilled 
                                                       2 rejected 
                                                       3 pending.
        
        4. Promise.race
            * Any will only work with true , race will even work with false.

CLOSURE :

* Closure in JavaScript is a function that has access to its outer function's scope, even when the outer function has returned. 
* This allows the inner function to use and manipulate variables from the outer function's scope, even after the outer function 
has finished executing.

REACT JS :
     
     It is a library or a framework of javascript.
     Eg: Netflix , amazon , instagram , facebook , etc.

     HTML websites : Youtube , wikipedia , etc.


REACT BASICS :

   1  create a new folder named react in desktop
   2  double click the folder , go on address bar and type [cmd and press enter]
   3  node -v [ this is to check version of node]
   4  npm -v [check version of npm]
   
   CREATING REACT APP USING BELOW COMMANDS :
   5  type : npx create-react-app projectname 
   6  type : npm start ( open ur app at port 3000)

   make it work :
   7 open ur react folder ( u will see ur app folder got created)

   to open my app is vs code
   7  go to cmd prompt and type cd projectname
   8  code . (enter)

   to run in vs code 
   9   open terminal and type : npm start
   10  if getting error , type : npm i web-vitals
   11  then type : npm start ( in this step a webpage will be opened in ur default browser)

   Two important folders in react :
      1 Public 
      2 Src
   
   Three improtant files :
      1 Index.HTML
      2 Index.css
      3 Index.JS
    Note : 
          *As of now don't touch Index files.
          * Initially do or write your code in App.JS
    DOM :
         * React follows virtual DOM (v dom)
         * Here unlike HTML , once DOM gets created , the changes are manipulation of what we do gets completed and only that part
           will get re-rendered
        * Where-as in HTML , everytime we make chnage , entire DOM will be re-rendered

    Note :
          * React is a library of javascript
          * In a web application created by react , everything is called as components.
          Types of components :
                            1 functional components
                            2 Class components
    JSX :
        *Writing HTML inside javascript is called JSX
